Rename Services to Actions in integrations: S (#33827)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/scene.markdown

Every scene entity does keep track of the timestamp of when the last time
the scene entity was called via the Home Assistant UI or called via
an action.

## Scenes created by integrations

Some integrations like [Philips Hue](/integrations/hue), [MQTT](/integrations/mqtt), and [KNX](/integrations/knx) provide scenes. You can activate them from the Home Assistant UI or via as an action. In this case, the integration provides the preferred states to restore.

## Creating a scene

You can create scenes that capture the states you want certain entities to be. For example, a scene can specify that light A should be turned on and light B should be bright red.

> Scenes can be created and managed via the user interface using the [Scene Editor](/docs/scene/editor/). They can also be manually configured via {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %}. Note that the entity data are not action parameters, it's a representation of the wanted state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scenes can be created and managed via the user interface using the [Scene Editor](/docs/scene/editor/). They can also be manually configured via {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %}. Note that the entity data is not an action parameter; it's a representation of the wanted state:
```

> Scenes can be created and managed via the user interface using the [Scene Editor](/docs/scene/editor/). They can also be manually configured via {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %}. Note that the entity data is not an action parameter; it's a representation of the wanted state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scenes can be created and managed via the user interface using the [Scene Editor](/docs/scene/editor/). They can also be manually configured via {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %}. Note that entity data is not an action parameter; it's a representation of the wanted state:
```
